# ciao
### _Jin-Ho King <jinho_king@tasseo.io>_

_Ciao_ is a port of the Racket OAuth 2.0 Client (package: webapi) to
Common Lisp. 

## License

Consistent with the Racket OAuth 2.0 Client, this package is licensed
under the the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

Copyright 2020 Jin-Ho King

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License and GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and
GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.  If not,
see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

The original racket code is copyright 2011-2012 Ryan Culpepper

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License and GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and
GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.  If not,
see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
